org/tapusd/rpggame/characters/Queen.java
 org.tapusd.rpggame.characters.Queen
org/tapusd/simuduck/ducks/ModelDuck.java
 org.tapusd.simuduck.ducks.ModelDuck
org/tapusd/simuduck/ducks/Duck.java
 org.tapusd.simuduck.ducks.Duck
org/tapusd/rpggame/characters/Knight.java
 org.tapusd.rpggame.characters.Knight
org/tapusd/rpggame/weaponbehaviour/BowAndArrowBehaviour.java
 org.tapusd.rpggame.weaponbehaviour.BowAndArrowBehaviour
org/tapusd/simuduck/flybehaviour/FlyBehaviour.java
 org.tapusd.simuduck.flybehaviour.FlyBehaviour
org/tapusd/simuduck/quackbehaviour/Quack.java
 org.tapusd.simuduck.quackbehaviour.Quack
org/tapusd/simuduck/ducks/RubberDuck.java
 org.tapusd.simuduck.ducks.RubberDuck
org/tapusd/simuduck/quackbehaviour/QuackBehaviour.java
 org.tapusd.simuduck.quackbehaviour.QuackBehaviour
org/tapusd/simuduck/quackbehaviour/Squack.java
 org.tapusd.simuduck.quackbehaviour.Squack
org/tapusd/simuduck/ducks/DecoyDuck.java
 org.tapusd.simuduck.ducks.DecoyDuck
org/tapusd/rpggame/characters/Character.java
 org.tapusd.rpggame.characters.Character
org/tapusd/simuduck/flybehaviour/FlyRocketPowered.java
 org.tapusd.simuduck.flybehaviour.FlyRocketPowered
org/tapusd/rpggame/weaponbehaviour/WeaponBehaviour.java
 org.tapusd.rpggame.weaponbehaviour.WeaponBehaviour
org/tapusd/simuduck/SimUDuckMain.java
 org.tapusd.simuduck.SimUDuckMain
org/tapusd/rpggame/weaponbehaviour/AxeBehaviour.java
 org.tapusd.rpggame.weaponbehaviour.AxeBehaviour
org/tapusd/simuduck/flybehaviour/FlyWithWings.java
 org.tapusd.simuduck.flybehaviour.FlyWithWings
org/tapusd/simuduck/quackbehaviour/MuteQuack.java
 org.tapusd.simuduck.quackbehaviour.MuteQuack
org/tapusd/simuduck/flybehaviour/FlyNoWay.java
 org.tapusd.simuduck.flybehaviour.FlyNoWay
org/tapusd/simuduck/ducks/RedHeadDuck.java
 org.tapusd.simuduck.ducks.RedHeadDuck
org/tapusd/rpggame/characters/Troll.java
 org.tapusd.rpggame.characters.Troll
org/tapusd/rpggame/weaponbehaviour/KnifeBehaviour.java
 org.tapusd.rpggame.weaponbehaviour.KnifeBehaviour
org/tapusd/simuduck/ducks/MallardDuck.java
 org.tapusd.simuduck.ducks.MallardDuck
org/tapusd/rpggame/characters/King.java
 org.tapusd.rpggame.characters.King
org/tapusd/rpggame/RpgGameMain.java
 org.tapusd.rpggame.RpgGameMain
org/tapusd/rpggame/weaponbehaviour/SwordBehaviour.java
 org.tapusd.rpggame.weaponbehaviour.SwordBehaviour
